yo what's up I'm not making this video
catering to the lowest common
denominator I'm making this video
because I actually think I have
something to say what a concept
um there's a controversy right now
between freely durianrider and a much
younger woman called Tana mojo when I
make videos I try not to make something
that just is interesting today and for
the next two weeks I try to make a video
that's still really about something
meaningful if you're gonna look back on
this 5 years from now 10 years from now
if I myself I'm gonna come back and look
at this five years from now ten years
from now so let's break it down there's
a meaningful aspect to this and there's
a meaningless aspect of this the
meaningless thing is there's a much
younger woman named Tana mojo she is 17
years old and like myself she has been
very successful in the internet despite
having a name that's impossible to
pronounce and impossible to spell shout
out to you Tana you and me were in the
Brethren of people with names that are
impossible to spell and hey the
advantage is it's really easy to find me
on Google+ with this name homeboy so
yeah we're winning but look Tana is 17
years old and she just became vegan all
right if you're in your 30s like freely
or durianrider the only words that gotta
come out of your mouth would be I am so
happy for you that's it and you know in
life we grow up in the modern Western
world with this myth that we're all
equal and the reason we were taught that
was children is that the adults in our
lives thought that if we were taught to
regard people as unequal than we would
treat each other like garbage okay and
the truth in life is were not all equal
but the art of being an adult is to deal
with people in unequal situations and
still treat them with some degree of
care and respect even affection all
right I am 37 years old
the last two years I've been spending
most of my time on a university campus
the year coming up I'm again gonna be
spending most of my time on a university
campus uh I'm surrounded by people who
are age 18 to 25 I guess I don't treat
them as my equals but I treat them well
I treat them with a certain kind of
respect and you know what if someone
who's 17 years old is slightly crass
talking is slightly out of line I don't
treat that the same as a 35 year old man
I don't especially when there's nothing
violent about it there's nothing
dangerous about it there's no reason to
be concerned I don't uh yeah I mean if
an 18 year old is making death threats
that's another story but if an 18 year
old is talking the way an 18 year old
does that's fine and you know anyone any
17 year old is gonna come online and
tell me they've become vegan the first
and foremost thing I've got to say is I
am so happy for you now meanwhile these
attacks and denunciations against the 17
year old coming from people in their 30s
people who say their leaders Pete you
know during writer says he's a grown-ass
man
freely says she's a grown-ass woman
they're acting like children they ought
to be ashamed of yourselves if you're a
follower them you ought to feel ashamed
of yourself take a good hard look at the
people you regard as leaders how they
treat a 17 year old I just did just
yesterday I've been uploading a new
interview with an 18 year old young
woman you can see the way I talked to
her you can see the way a tree I give
her some advice you can say my advice is
good you can say my voice is bad guess
what the difference is when durianrider
talks to teenagers he tells them to drop
out of school
I'm telling teenagers to stay in school
when Gary Yourofsky talks to teenagers
he's encouraging them to get into
violent activism he's encouraging them
to get involved with criminal activity
he's encouraging them to do things that
will get them put in jail I'm saying the
opposite of all those things I'm saying
get a clean job get a clean nose stay
the hell out of jail make a positive
difference in the world be engaged in
democratic society and democratic
way I think I've got the more positive
message okay freelee's making money
selling diet books freelee's making
money selling people the fantasy of
eating unlimited calories while losing
weight blah blah blah ok durianrider
both of them are selling the fantasy
that you can cure incurable diseases
through their magic diet like if you eat
enough bananas you can clear asthma you
can cure AIDS you can cure crohn's
disease okay they never actually claimed
aids sorry but they claim Crohn's
disease and my point is Crohn's disease
and asthma are incurable they're just as
incurable as aids nobody should be
selling those lives nobody should be
discrediting veganism with pseudo
scientific and fake claims but above all
else you can't just be a mensch you
can't just be a reasonable human being
you've got disagreement with somebody
what about tolerance what about
cooperation I got differences with all
kinds of people but the most basic
premise of politics is that you find
ways to cooperate and collaborate with
the people you have differences with you
know we say in political science
you don't make treaties with your
friends you make treaties with your
enemies but these people are not your
enemies seventeen-year-old girl decides
to go vegan just say I'm so happy for
you just say I support you I want you to
succeed just say yeah you know what it's
a miracle you're earning your money by
telling funny stories in the Internet in
21st century it's one in a million
that's one about 10 billion 10 up I'm
happy for you if you were my cousin if
you were my sister I'd be happy for you
wouldn't matter so maybe we disagree
about politics I don't know maybe she
votes for Donald Trump I don't know who
cares I'm still happy for you we got all
kinds of differences who cares meanwhile
vegan community has the blindfold on the
more serious problems people are
ignoring this channel I called out the
vegans who turned into neo-nazis I don't
mean neo-nazi in an abstract stance
talking about vegans who were leaders
who were popular youtubers in the vegan
community who made statements that were
Pro Adolf Hitler do
Riaan writer and freely you want to act
like a hero why didn't you take on the
neo-nazis okay I took on two of them on
this channel neo-nazi vegans why didn't
you no backbone no nerve don't act like
you got something better to do I know
you don't have something better to do
because you're stirring up controversy
over nothing you're starting a fight
with a 17 year old over nothing over
trivialities and not all of these things
are trivial okay I just uploaded a
really substantive critique of Gary
Yourofsky opened a lot of people's eyes
pointing out that this guy endorses
violence okay
yeah whether you're 18 or 35 if you're
actually telling people if you're
encouraging people to get out a gun and
hold someone else at gunpoint yeah there
are hard limits to tolerance I draw the
line
I'm encouraging people to have a
tolerant and open-minded attitude and
make friends
I'm also encouraging people to be honest
with themselves and honest with others
about what the hard lines are yes
neo-nazis people who make excuses for
the Holocaust people are Pro Adolf
Hitler sure there's a hard line there on
the other side of that line and I got no
tolerance to them that's beyond the pale
then there's no compromise any more
people who are out there encouraging
violence whether it's you know breaking
and entering holding people at gunpoint
murder or torture I wish I was joking
watch the two videos I just put up no
Gary Gary Yourofsky this stuff is nuts
it's going on in the vegan community
freely durianrider you think you're such
tough guys why don't you take on Gary
Yourofsky I can say it to anyone
bite size vegan unnatural vegan you want
to show how how hard and edgy you are
you want to show how critical your minds
are why don't you take on those heart
issues okay why am I the guy who ended
up doing it okay and I get an avalanche
of fan mail from people on the one hand
who say wow thank you so much for saying
the truth I didn't know about this but
also I get fan mail from people who said
you know what I did know about this but
I was kidding myself I was asleep
it was right in front of my eyes and I
was ignoring it okay we're ignoring the
real problems while creating fights over
nothing all right
Tana
yo I'm so happy you're vegan if you wear
too much makeup that ain't my place to
say a man in his 30s I would never say
that to a 17 year old doesn't matter if
you're my sister you're my cousin not my
place to say much less would I start a
fight in public on the Internet bud
ridiculous you know yeah you know
they're hollow insults blah blah blah
shame on you if you've got nothing
better to do then come on the internet
and start a fight and insult and
denigrate somebody because there weren't
too much makeup all y'all wear too much
makeup I don't have a single video
wearing makeup on here anyone who comes
to my channel I don't think you're
coming for my pretty face okay I hope
you're coming to hear real talk because
that's all I got to give no special
effects no intro no outro real talk
hit me up